This directory contains the ubcthesis LaTeX2e class.  This class is
designed to help students write theses in LaTeX2e, and was
specifically design for conformance with the following institutions:

ubcthesis.cls: The University of British Columbia (UBC)
mitthesis.cls: The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)

It is not officially supported by either institution, but the UBC faculty of
graduate studies has checked with the sample and recommends its use.  If you
follow the instructions in ubcsample.tex you should produce a compliant thesis.
*Always* send your thesis in to check for conformance with sufficient time to
make corrections.  If you have any problems, please let me know so I can update
the instructions.

The MIT thesis class is somewhat out of date and has not been actively
maintained.

Please note that both classes REQUIRE the following:

genthesis.cls

This directory contains the following files:

README:		This file
BUGS:		List of known bugs and/or potential problems with
                installation.

The following four files form the core of the distribution:

ubcthesis.dtx:	Self documenting source for thesis class
ubcthesis.ins:	Latex batch file for extracting the class
fig.eps:	Sample figure
fig.fig:	xfig file use to generate fig.eps
lyx:            Support files for use with LyX. *unsupported and possibly old*

ubcthesis.tgz:	Tarball with the previous files.

The following files have been extracted for convenience.  These can be extracted
from ubcthesis.dtx by running: 

latex ubcthesis.ins

genthesis.cls:	The genthesis LaTeX2e base class
ubcthesis.cls:	The ubcthesis LaTeX2e class for UBC theses
mitthesis.cls:	The mitthesis LaTeX2e class for MIT theses
ubcthesis.dvi:	The ubcthesis class documentation (use xdvi)
ubcthesis.ps:	The ubcthesis class documentation (postscript)
ubcsample.tex:	Sample thesis for UBC
mitsample.tex:	Sample thesis for MIT
sample.bib:	Sample bibliographics database (BIBTeX)

------------------------- 
To use the class, simply put the genthesis.cls file and the
appropriate school-specific file (ubcthesis.cls, mitthesis.cls) files
somewhere on your LaTeX path (or simply in the same directory as your
thesis).  See the documentation for more information.

Comments, Questions, Suggestions?  Please contact:

Michael Forbes
mforbes@alum.mit.edu

P.S. I am working on a completely new thesis class that looks *much* better but
is not yet ready for mainstream use.  I will no-longer be improving the class
found in this directory, but I shall continue to provide support until the new
class is ready for use and approved by UBC.  If you are interested in trying the
new class, please drop me a line and check out at:

https://bitbucket.org/mforbes/ubcthesis_new

-------------------------
Important Changes:
1.70: Move \backmatter *after* appendices in sample theses.
1.69: Add hooks so babel does not revert \contentsname.
1.68: Fixed some babel issues.
1.67: Removed statement of co-authorship as per change in UBC guidelines.
1.66: Added linktocpage as default for hyperref.
1.63: Allow unnumbered chapters to affect running headers.
1.61: Fixed page numbering bugs with \cleardoublepage and related.
1.58: Fixed a bug with the pagination after \mainmatter allowing for
      correct numbering and insertion of blank pages before chapters
      as required for new theses.
1.28: In this version and later, the commands \parttoc, \chaptertoc,
      \sectiontoc etc. were removed.  These should be replaced with
      the usual commands with optional arguments.  For example:

      \chaptertoc{Long Chapter Name}{Short Name} ->
      \chapter[Short Name]{Long Chapter Name}

      The \preface and \acknowledgements commands were also removed.
      These should be replaced by \chapter{Preface} etc.

      See the sample theses for details.

      My contact information has also changed.  Please make a note of
      this.
